update documentation (#2)
callbellchat/callbell-public-docs: docs/api_reference/subscriptions_api/subscribe.md

---
title: POST /webhooks/subscribe
sidebar_position: 4
---

# POST /contacts

> Creates a new webhook or updates an existing one. (Each account can have **only** one webhook at the time)

Reviewer: Maybe use a banner for this instead?

```suggestion
Creates a new webhook or updates an existing one.

:::warn
Each account can **only** register 1 webhook.
:::
```

Author: Sounds good 👍🏼
